How to choose a subtitle:

1. Preference goes to single player over MP. I want this to be a more curated experience with a defined story flow of events first. 
If players find it too chatty then maybe there is a way to turn off the function via a missionNamespace variable in an addAction

2. Consider what would be more authentic.
        It is not realistic for the scout to be giving orders. So scripting events in such a way as to cover a sitution where the scout is the leader 
    doesn't make sense. But there is a chance that the scout could be the group leader. The current leader could die and then pass leadership
    to the scout. 2 players could play in multiplayer with AI OFF which would present a likely scenario of the scout becoming the leader.
    I've done what I can to avoid it by making sure the scout has the lowest order of promotion to group leader possible by adding him last to the 
    group, in the editor, but it will still happen. 
        Option 1: Do nothing. Keep using `leader group`. If the scout says a line it will look like a bug because he will talk but it will be an
            american voice.  
        Option 2: I could make it so that only non scout leaders say things. But if I do that then the player might miss out on some dialogue
            if the scout ends up as leader.
    *   Option 3: I make unique voice lines for the scout in the event he becomes the leader.
        Option 4: If the scout ends up as the leader then I could pass the line off to a remaining american unit. That way I dont have to make unique
            lines for the scout. But the downside here is continuity of the leader. I would likely have to use random unit because who knows who
            would still be alive. If I do option 3 then I would have better continutiy of lines per leader. But even then the leader can be passed
            around during a mission breaking immersion as to who is talking and their voice not changing.
        I think option 3 is the way to go. I really don't have to write too many more lines because I made a bunch already. Also this option gives the
    the mission some continuity. If you play multiple times you expect the same scripted events to happen and if they dont then it feels broken.
    
    So then the mission will play like this: in SP the american leader will say most lines with scout having not much at all really. In MP the american
    leader will get passed around and if it lands on scout he will have a unique line. There will be much more lines from him in MP because a player
    gets to interact with the world as him.

3. Then consider replayability.